what's up i'm rob in bv TV and i'm here
with great Carolina what's up guys hey
enough I'm doing good alright so um last
time we talked to you guys you guys were
making a video for hello fascination
what's the premise of the video um it's
actually it's actually about a girl that
kind of walking she walks into dudes
door Williams just like this crazy world
that it's actually a lot of green screen
and most of the videos green screens
that just whatever that guy's vision was
we just created it to be like
fascination world I guess that's cool
yeah are you guys going to be performing
snowed in on this tour tonight no I've
never played that track yeah I don't
even have the files after we remake it
yeah all right well is there any news on
whether or not you guys are going to be
on warp next summer yeah well yeah yeah
yeah yeah we we got confirmed will be on
the whole thing actually we on early
stage this year so good stuff ever be
sick I'm home so is there any special
announcements you guys would like to
make your fence I'm trying to think of
like stuff that we have coming up on I
think februari we're doing we actually
have dates posted for our next tour
without hyper crush let's get it queen's
club and our board Josh shoes in our
fans spin cycle with us
as a solar project called the spin cycle
so he's going to be with us on that um
then we have a artery foundation tier
after that yeah with attack attack and
oh wait i don't know if that's really
confirmed yet but oh yeah maybe maybe I
whoops down that one not but uh actually
going to Europe before we do any of that
so if you live in europe come chill with
a road trip dude so now for some fun
questions janna mac or pc mac hell yeah
um what kind of cell phones do you guys
have iphones we both know the same exact
phone what's your favorite app on it the
sex offender app um right now I've been
in two words with friends just cuz I've
been battling like all that all the
other bands get like guys like whoever
has iphone is battled and that's pretty
fun all right um so what you guys
favorite cereal ooh lucky charms or
fruity pebbles Oreos thank you the last
question is there anything you guys
would like to say to your fans yeah man
just like just thank you so much for to
everyone who came out to this last tour
and thinking about so much for watching
this video
hope you guys come and say hi to us
sometime
hopefully we'll see yeah thank you guys
thank you thank you guys very much daddy
thanks for having me yo what's up I'm
Kyle this is david and we breathe
carolina and bv TV
Oh